[Waves crashing]
[Serene piano music]
♪ ♪
[Helicopter flies,
sirens blaring]
[Heart rate monitor
beeping]
[Noises fade]
[Monitor beeping
fades back in]
[Water crashes]
[Heart rate monitor
alarm blares]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[Heart rate monitor
beeping slowly]
Polygraph four,
mission debrief.
Question for control.
Your name is Ben Mercer?
- Yes.
- And you are a, um...
[Whispers]
CIA operative.
I think that's a question
for Arthur Campbell.
Yes or no answers,
please.
[Chuckles]
Yes.
[Clears throat]
You recently completed
a locate-and-rescue assignment
in Sri Lanka?
Yes.
And on said mission,
did you, in any way,
try to deceive the CIA?
No.
And yet, you left
your fellow operatives
and went into a hostage
situation alone?
I was trying to protect
operative Annie Walker
from harm, yes.
And then you were shot.
Yes.
But someone saved you.
Who?
I thought this was
yes or no?
Oh, yeah, um...
Did I save you?
Yes.
And I am very grateful.
Mm,
increased heart rate.
Spike in blood pressure.
I think the polygraph
is getting to you.
I think
it's the polygrapher.
And I think you
should dismiss the nurse.
Ben.
[Rapid gunfire,
glass shattering]
We have to get
to the guardhouse.
We won't make it.
Go alone, go alone.
Not a chance.
[Defibrillator powering up]
[Zapping]
Ah!
[Thud]
[Groans]
Jeez.
[Gunfire]
[Loud grunt]
[Sighs]
Let's go home.
[Intriguing music]
♪ Covert Affairs 02x01 ♪
Begin the Begin
Original Air Date on June 7, 2011
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
♪ ♪
I prefer Guam.
That's 'cause you
have a problem with authority.
No. No, I just liked having
a room with an ocean view.
Hey!
It's good to see you.
You too.
I knew I preferred Guam.
For the record, you do
have a problem with authority.
For the record,
I don't consider you
an authority figure.
We can help you
transfer to the bed.
No, no, no.
I got it myself.
Let us help you.
No, no.
Got it.
Accepting help is
not a sign of weakness.
- You should know.
- This isn't about me.
It's about your pride.
That's what got you
injured in the first place.
Guys,
can we just not...?
Jai, I'll meet you
in the courtyard.
Okay.
Here.
Oh, what's this?
Paperwork already?
Langley's bureaucracy is a joke.
No,
it's books of Sudokus.
Thought it might
help you pass the time,
and...you're an asshole.
I actually
really like these.
Yeah,
he knew that.
I'll apologize to him.
You had a long day.
I'll let you get settled in.
I'll be back soon.
Is there anything
I can get you?
You know what I would love?
A five guys cheeseburger.
I've been craving one of those
ever since I left D.C.
You've been gone
a long time.
That's quite a craving.
You have no idea.
You got it.
Don't forget to check
if we're being tailed.
After Guam,
we can't be too careful.
This isn't
my first rodeo.
Ben was a little
touchy back there.
He's been through a lot.
He's gonna
go through a lot more.
It's not gonna be easy
for a guy like that.
A guy like Ben?
He's only
comfortable alone.
In the field.
Nobody at Langley
sees him behind a desk.
What is
gonna happen to him?
Honestly?
No clue.
None whatsoever.
Hey!
You're back!
Hi.
Mm!
Rough business trip?
Trip was fine.
It's just business.
Well, you've been
gone a while.
I can't believe
there was that much
to do in Lamar, Missouri.
The Smithsonian
wanted the exhibit
of Harry Truman's birthplace
to be really detailed.
Thanks for the postcards.
Who knew the world's largest
ball of yarn was in Missouri?
Yeah.
Who knew?
[Giggles]
- How's things here?
- Crazy. Hectic.
Michael's been
traveling a ton for work,
the storm gutter guy
keeps canceling on me,
and Katia's been faking
being sick to get out of school.
Danielle, what's this?
Oh, a police report.
Someone broke into
the garage.
They didn't take anything,
but we filed a report anyway.
- When was this?
- Mm, couple nights ago.
What about my guest house?
I told you,
they didn't take anything.
I checked your place.
It's fine.
I'm, uh--
I'm just gonna go freshen up.
Welcome back.
[Beeps]
Annie Walker.
Auggie.
How do you do that?
I'm not wearing perfume,
these heels, although
fantastic, are hardly unique.
I don't get it.
What would you say
if I told you you
projected a warm fuzzy aura
that I can sense?
I'd say you were trying
to butter me up
for something.
I could use a ride
to Allen's Tavern after work.
Ah-ha!
The truth emerges.
Hey, did you send
my sister those postcards
to sub my cover trip?
Nice touch, right?
I had a guy from S.M.T.
replicate your handwriting.
Figured it was better
than me doing it.
I'm glad you're back.
It's good to be back.
I think.
Someone broke
into my sister's house.
That's
a potential red flag.
Anything stolen?
No.
I did a level one sweep,
but all my cover docs
were still in place.
Aren't you glad we
had you install that safe?
I'll try to organize
a larger sweep of the property.
What's all this?
Joan assigned me and my team
to try to figure out
who attacked you and Ben
in the hospital, and why.
It was close.
We barely made it out.
Yep.
But you did.
Always do.
The world has not
stood still in your absence.
Really,
what's going on?
Liza Hearn
stepped up her game.
She's published several articles
in the last three weeks
that are scathing
indictments of Arthur.
- What'd they say?
- They cited leaked material.
Three highly
sensitive documents.
Three documents?
That's it?
No, it's like
a laser pointer of nasty
instead of the massive,
gaseous cloud of pain
that is Wikileaks.
I'll tell you what,
hasn't made Joan
much fun to be around.
If you two
are done chit chatting,
there is actual work
to be done.
Annie.
My office.
♪ Welcome back ♪
[Sarcastic giggles]
[Sighs]
How are you feeling?
Good.
Happy to be back.
You know, a lot
of operatives would need
some time to decompress after
what you just went through.
Not me.
I'm good.
Seriously.
Asset interaction.
Alo Morozov.
A heartwarming Estonian
tale of a man pulling himself
up out of abject Soviet
poverty by money laundering,
drug trafficking, and
the occasional contract hit
to pad out the 401k.
He's Estonian,
but his file was generated
on the Russia desk?
Yes.
We suspect him of being
a facilitator for the Kremlin
in the new Estonian
rare earths mining operation.
He's a front.
They're mining for promethium.
Despite the START treaties,
the Russians are having
a hard time
kicking their nuclear habit.
How do you want me to
get to Morozov?
Morozov is too dangerous
and too well-protected
to approach.
We've been targeting
this woman.
Nadia Levandi.
Ranked 79th
in the women's tour.
Made it to the semi-final
in the French four years ago,
but hasn't
made much noise since.
- She's Morozov's daughter?
- Mistress.
- Ooh.
- Nadia's been giving us
intel on Morozov
for the past three years,
but missed
her two previous drops.
She's playing in the BMW
D.C. Invitational this weekend,
you're gonna
meet her at practice,
and follow protocol.
Auggie will
take you through it.
You're going to
the tennis center, main court.
We have a guy.
Nadia will be in the middle
of her practice session.
You are a fan coming
to meet your favorite player.
You'll have
a bouquet of 13 roses--
12 red, 1 white.
That indicates to her
that you're her new handler.
Careful, there
will be people around.
Nadia has a new coach.
Also, Morozov
might be present...
with protection.
These are for Miss Levandi.
I'm a fan.
Don't worry. Nadia
will allow you down to her.
You'll give
the roses to Nadia.
If Nadia has intel,
she'll ask to meet you later.
If Nadia doesn't have
any intel,
she will say, "Roses..."
Roses...
- "My favorite."
- My favorite.
"I will put them
in a vase in my locker."
I'll put them
in a vase in my hotel.
I mean, I'll put them
in the locker room.
Thank you for your time.
Auggie...
Nadia sent me a signal.
She botched the script.
I think she's in trouble.
Something was off.
I know it.
She may have
just spaced on the wording.
Here's what you
need to know about assets,
they're not
trained operatives.
They are normal people
who we see as
targets of opportunity,
and they screw up all the time.
They're late, they lose stuff,
they ask for crazy things...
But don't we
have a responsibility
to help her
if she's in trouble?
[Quietly]
Damn.
You played the morality card.
You know I did.
So help me.
All right, if Nadia's
in imminent danger,
we need proof to take
to Joan.
Stay on your surveil
and initiate
the compromised asset protocol.
Make sure you do a head tail--
the van can't know
you're following it
if you're in front of it.
It's a risky maneuver
but professional drivers
always use their blinkers.
If you don't have the right
gear to fit in, be resourceful.
Could you show me
the locker rooms?
- Oh, yeah, sure.
- I'm thinking about joining.
The tricky thing
will be getting her alone.
These players
are always surrounded
by their
coaches and trainers.
[Water sizzling]
- What are you doing?
Isn't that thing
gonna melt in here?
[Chuckles]
It's my vice.
I used to
not be able to get
good quality chocolate
in my country.
But now that Estonia
is in the euro,
we get
all the good candies.
Nadia, we need to talk.
Sorry I screwed up
the flower protocol.
But it's very confusing,
there were people watching.
Yeah.
Morozov.
He do that to you?
I tripped going after
a drop shot.
And your shoulder?
You have
the wrong idea about Alo.
He's a good man.
I know you're worried.
I have a solution.
You can come into Langley.
We can leave
straight from here.
I have a car
waiting outside.
Tell your CIA people
to not bother me anymore.
- Nadia, please.
- Leave me alone.
This doesn't concern you.
Nadia is definitely
in danger.
She's just too scared
to admit it.
If I'm gonna authorize
a protection team,
I need a request
from the asset.
Did she ask for help?
No, not exactly.
Not exactly, or no?
She asked for the CIA
to leave her alone.
But how many long-term assets
walk away from the arrangement?
Very few.
A lot of people get cold feet
and stop short
before becoming assets.
Once they commit,
they're in.
Giving up the protection
and the money?
It doesn't happen.
That's because she's scared.
Morozov has
a long track record of
killing the people
who betray him.
All right.
Annie, you'll
surveil with Auggie,
and Holman on tech support.
But keep a safe distance.
If Nadia really is in
as much trouble as you think,
then exposing her as
a CIA asset
is gonna make things
much worse.
Here's to a moment of refuge
in the eye of the storm.
[Glasses clink]
I will drink to that.
If we could bring
these files out of the building,
we could be enjoying
this scotch at home.
If we could bring those files
out of this building,
you still would not
be enjoying your scotch.
Can you read me in?
Oh, it's
just in-house counsel.
Saying the team needs
more time
to get my Tanzania
cables together.
That's the third time
since they came onboard.
- It's the way of lawyers.
- Agency lawyers.
In-house counsel has
a muddled agenda, at best.
What you need is someone
who's solely on your side.
- Hm.
- Someone like Chet Legardie.
Chet Legardie?
He was good enough
for the Speaker of the House.
He'll bankrupt us.
Then we can
dip into our savings.
And then he'll win.
He always wins.
Just hiring Chet Legardie
will imply that I'm guilty.
At every D.C.
cocktail party from now on,
people are gonna
be whispering about you.
It's just a question whether
they're whispering about
you losing your job or
keeping your job.
You said you wanted
to fight.
This is how we fight.
[Sighs]
Well, let's give in-house
counsel a little more time.
Okay, Annie,
the security office
has authorized
a sweep of your house.
But they need you to get
your sister out of the house.
Think you can handle it?
I told them you could,
so...help me out.
Beat you there.
I'm winning.
[Mouths]
One, two, three...
No! Ah!
[Spilling noise]
Ah! Chloe just single-handedly
destroyed the carpet.
Oh!
No, I'm sorry!
I must've given them
too much.
I'll pay for
the carpet cleaning.
No, you don't have to.
That's the price of having kids.
No, I insist.
[Phone rings]
I'll have the cleaners
here tomorrow.
Annie Walker.
Our girl is on the move.
I'll be right there.
I, unfortunately,
have to miss dinner.
Oh, shocker.
They're leaving F street.
They just
pulled up to an alley.
He's pulling her out of the car
and she doesn't look happy.
Holman,
can you give us ears?
These microphones
are parabolic extrapolators.
They actually
send data in real time.
And fill in
any gaps across the arc
from the other mics
in the circuit.
Holman, if you wanna
impress a woman, compliment her.
Don't talk about
your own equipment.
Especially when your
own equipment has circuitry.
I just think it's
all so cool.
He's taking her
inside the building.
Jerry,
can you get us closer?
Annie, I don't think
that's a good idea.
We gotta keep our distance.
If we expose ourselves
and blow our cover,
we put her life at risk.
I know, I get it.
Holman, where are we?
Frequency coming in now.
[Static noise,
loud bang]
That sounds like
gunfire.
Annie,
think this through.
If she's in danger,
I'm not just gonna sit here.
[popping noise]
[Swanky jazz music plays]
To the beautiful
and beguiling Nadia.
My Nadia, so magnificent
on the court.
Happy Birthday.
All: Happy Birthday!
Annie, I'm shutting down
Nadia as an asset.
Last night's near-miss
nearly outed her and you
to Morozov.
But Nadia's
still in danger.
We know what Morozov
is capable of.
If that's the case,
then it's in her best interests
to have no further
contact with the CIA.
So we're done with her?
Just like that?
Just like that.
Precisely.
These newspapers
are your next assignment.
You're gonna
go through back issues
of the Montreal Gazette
to find any increased citations
regarding
Quebecois secession.
- Are you--
- Serious?
Totally.
This has got to be
heavily redacted.
There's just
too much disclosure.
Jai!
It's good to see you.
It's good to see anyone
without a law degree.
Did I catch you at
a bad time?
Not bad, just...
Sort of busy.
All right,
I'll be quick.
Ben Mercer's back in town.
What's the play?
What do you want me to do?
Stay with Joan,
work in the D.P.D.
This was supposed
to be temporary.
Things have changed.
Things are changing.
I like you, Jai.
But the best thing
for you right now
might be to get
some distance from me.
That's funny.
Someone else gave me
the exact same advice.
Someone might
be looking out for you.
Hi, I'm Louis, from
In-Extremis Carpet Cleaners.
Your sister hired us.
Oh, yeah.
Wow, you guys sure are prompt.
Yeah, you know, it's--it's
not really that big a spill.
It's not
the size of the spill,
it's the depth and viscosity
of the radial blot.
Do my kids and I
have to leave the house?
You're welcome to stay.
You may get
a little light-headed.
I think we'll go.
Chloe!
Katia!
We're in.
Commencing sweep.
[Camera clicks]
Auggie, I found you.
Don't interrupt me,
I'll lose my count.
4,005, 4,006...
Have we drilled down
on Morozov?
He's been at
Nadia's practice session
for the second
consecutive day.
He's watching her
like a hawk.
Wait, you're
staking out Nadia
even after Joan
told you to drop it?
Okay, yeah.
I have.
That's a pretty
huge breech of protocol.
But I know something
is going on.
It's like the O'Neal
affair in 1962,
when that violinist
from the New York Philharmonic
was murdered in Moscow.
Annie,
listen to yourself.
You've been through a lot
the past few weeks--
with Sri Lanka,
with Guam, with Ben...
I'm worried
it's making you paranoid.
No.
Maybe.
Look, in our line of work,
there is a very thin line
between intuition
and paranoia.
Our job is to walk
right up to that line.
But never to cross it.
I'm worried about you,
as an operative and a friend.
- I'm fine.
- You will be.
And you may
not wanna hear this,
but Holman's sweep of
your apartment came back clean.
The break-in was probably
just a couple of kids.
Oh.
Why don't you take
the rest of the day off?
I'll cover it with Joan.
Thanks, Auggie.
Comfort food!
[Bag crinkles]
[Giggles]
We both need--
Excuse me.
Where did they move
Ben Mercer?
Who?
Ben Mercer.
Room 202.
[Typing]
Sorry.
There's no one here
under that name.
He was here.
There's no record of anyone
by that name ever staying here.
[Loud clanging]
- Annie?
- I know I'm probably
breaking CIA regulations
by coming to your house,
and this is over the line
on about nine other levels,
but I literally didn't know
who else to talk to.
What's going on?
Do you know
what happened to Ben?
I need to know.
I understand
that this is hard for you.
And...What I think
will make it a little easier
is for you to separate out
your feelings for Ben
and think of him
as an asset.
Ben would represent a high-risk,
high-reward individual.
Does that make sense?
I think so.
So on a human level,
what that means is
that as exhilarating
as your time is with Ben,
when he goes missing or
does something duplicitous,
you have to accept that.
There are always going
to be questions with Ben.
I'm beginning to see that.
And in answer to
your original question,
I think you're
a strong enough operative now
to intuit my response.
Well, the fact that you didn't
directly answer my question
means that
you know where he is.
And the fact that
you're not yelling at me,
means he's probably safe.
See you at
the office, Annie.
I just don't get it.
Why did they move Ben?
I don't know.
We work in a job with
a lot of "I don't knows."
Did your team find out
anything about Guam?
We did.
The would-be assassins were
a Belgian and a Fin who never
worked together before.
What does that mean?
What's the linkage
between the two?
Well, the linkage is Ben.
Someone wanted him dead,
and they hired the two
perfect people to do it.
The Belgian's an expert
in military security systems,
the Fin is
a weapons specialist.
Together, they
had skills and access.
Other than that,
there's no profile.
Access.
We gotta go.
What?
Really?
I don't get to finish my beer?
You really don't.
Let's go.
[Applause]
Okay,
can you hold this?
[Horn honking]
Ooh.
Okay, I can't
see the speedometer,
but I'm gonna
ask you to slow down.
[Phone ringing]
- Hello?
- Jai, it's Annie.
I just emailed you
some photos.
Can you run them through
the facial recognition database?
- Sure, give me a minute.
- You're looping in Jai?
Now I really wish
we'd stayed at the bar.
I was wrong about Nadia.
Yes, I know.
I told you that.
No, someone's in danger,
but it's not Nadia.
It's Morozov.
Nadia's the assassin.
You were right,
it's all about access.
And Nadia can get to Morozov
without raising eyebrows.
Why now?
Nadia is Morozov's mistress,
she's been close
to him for three years.
She could've
done it at any time.
Because now Nadia can
buy good chocolate in Estonia.
See, you were starting
to make sense.
And now you're
making less sense.
[Cheers and applause]
Estonia
just pegged to the euro.
It's opening up opportunities
for foreign investment.
Morozov probably knows
that he could make a mint
off his land holdings
if he wasn't tied to Russia.
And that's
what he's doing here.
[Sighs]
I should've realized it before.
He's using Nadia's
practices as a place
to talk
to potential bidders.
Going against the Kremlin
would be a suicide mission.
Yeah,
and Morozov knows that.
- Hey.
- That was fast.
That's 'cause
I don't need to run this
through the database.
The man in one of
the photos is Peter Kuyt.
A known South African
mining magnate.
Peter Kuyt?
Thanks.
Peter Kuyt's no friend
of the Kremlin.
Morozov is double dealing and
Nadia's caught in the middle.
I need to talk to Nadia.
You got a plan?
We have a plan.
[Chuckles]
[Applause]
Thank you.
- Um, A-5.
- This is my seat.
Nope, that's my seat.
The match is almost over.
Traffic was a bear.
At least that's
what my driver told me.
- You are blind.
- So?
I still deserve a seat.
I do enjoy tennis.
- Maybe not the same way--
- I didn't--
- Didn't what?
- Didn't mean to steal
the blind man's seat?
Or care--
hey, get your hands
off of me.
Look, just look
at my ticket, man.
Let me see.
Let's go figure this
out together.
I'll walk you up
to the ticket booth.
Okay.
Don't look back.
Walk quickly but calmly.
- Hello!
- Area's off-limits.
Yeah, I'm Nadia Levandi's
personal concierge.
She hasn't finished yet,
has she?
Just, uh...
Drop it.
Nadia wanted an apple
to help her blood sugar
after the match.
She got mad because
I got her a fuji,
and she only eats
honeycrisps.
So I had to go out and
get her this.
[Whispers]
I don't wanna get fired.
[Cheers and applause]
Hey, Nadia...
You need to come with me.
I told you
to leave me alone.
Alo's safe.
He's in our custody.
No.
They'll kill me.
That's why
you need to come with me.
The CIA can protect you.
Thank you.
Nadia!
[Gunfire]
So I take it
your coach is F.S.B.?
She threatened me,
I had no choice.
[Gunshot]
Which way's
the front entrance?
- The front?
- Yeah.
- We'll be totally exposed.
- Trust me.
It's that way.
[Gunfire]
How did you know
the engine would be on?
I didn't.
Some of this is improvised.
Hold on.
[Wheels screech]
[Gunfire]
- Oh, my God!
- Stay down.
[Gunfire,
glass shatters]
[Horn honking]
[Yelling in Estonian]
You have
some mouth on you.
- You speak Estonian?
- Just the swear words.
[Tires screech,
horn honking]
Where are you going?
I have a plan.
Here we go.
Hold on.
[Loud knocking]
- Chet Legardie?
- In the three-piece-clad flesh.
What are you doing here?
What am I doing here?
Your husband hired me.
Apparently at your suggestion?
So I suggest we go inside
and start working on
his legal defense,
because this conversation
is on the clock,
and my clock isn't cheap.
Come on in.
Your lawyer's here.
Just show me
the chair, please.
Great, thank you.
Hi. I'm Joe Jacobi,
of Jacobi and Theisman.
So...Give me
the straight scoop,
I'll do my best to
get you off.
If you lie to me,
and I'll know you're lying...
I'll let you hang, okay?
I can't tell,
are you nodding?
Yes.
So you kids are
just getting your thrills
stealing bikes, loose cash,
that sort of thing?
Again with the nodding.
Yes.
Did you break into
the garage of 4141 P Street?
Answer me, please.
- Yes.
- Are you sure?
- Okay.
Good.
I'll see what I can do.
Good afternoon, gentlemen.
Officer.
Was that guy
really our lawyer?
Unfortunately,
I have some bad news.
The CIA can offer you asylum
and protection in the U.S.,
but nothing further.
No more money...
A life of anonymity.
I'll never play
professional tennis again.
No.
Being in public
is too great of a risk.
We've already pulled you
from this tournament
due to a sudden
hamstring injury.
At least I can
eat my chocolate bars now
without the fear
of recrimination.
And you
went out with a win.
I know this whole thing
is terrible.
But this is your life now,
and you're gonna need
to accept it.
Thank you.
For what?
For not trying to make me
happier than I should be.
Americans are always
trying to change things.
But Estonian heart
is black.
We know when fate has
turned on us.
So what do you do?
You live.
It's still living.
I don't wanna just live.
I want more than that.
[Chuckles]
You're truly not Estonian.
No.
I guess I'm not.
Good luck, Nadia.
[Car door opens]
I love this view.
It always seems like
you're closer to the capitol
than you really are.
It's a matter of perspective.
- Were you followed?
- Trust me.
With all I got
going on in my life,
I took no chances.
Welcome back to
the agency, Mr. Mercer.
I must say,
while you were away,
I admired your work.
You helped us.
You helped me out
a lot of dicey situations.
How would you like
to continue to do that?
But this time,
with agency resources.
Full autonomy.
Off the books.
One condition.
What is it?
I wanna talk to Annie.
You know
that's not possible.
There's a reason why you haven't
contacted her in two years.
She's a security risk
to someone like you.
And you for her.
I need to see her.
Hm.
How about this...
Stay in your lane,
complete your missions,
and I'll see if we can't
find a way to bring you back in.
Typical agency
carrot-and-stick behavior.
Yes, it is.
Good talk.
[Car door closes]
[Phone ringing]
Hey.
You need me to come in?
Easy there, worker bee.
I'm just calling to check in
and see how you're holding up.
I've been better.
Do you wanna
meet me at the tavern?
[Walking stick clicking]
Sure.
- Hey.
Am I gonna get to finish
my beer this time?
Not only that...
I'm buying.
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org